Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back.
>> Did I scare you?
>> Are you pumped up, Lonnie? I'm
>> trying to get that way. It's uh it's
it's afternoon right now. And we have uh
we have some stuff to show y'all first.
Then we're going to pull some orders.
It's Thursday for us as we film this.
And
we we went to some garage sales on a
freaking Thursday.
>> Didn't expect to. And I saw a sign
yesterday. So I'm like, let's go to the
sale tomorrow. And while we were out, we
saw another one. So we hit it, too. So
we we bought stuff at two garage sales
this morning.
>> And this is again the beauty
of two-day handling.
>> Yes,
>> there are drawbacks to do two-day
handling.
>> Probably cost us some sales, but it does
allow afford us the ability to buy more
inventory and some good stuff, too,
y'all. I'm pretty pumped about this, as
y'all can be able to tell.
>> Yeah. Uh, so let's get to it. Huh?
>> Yeah. What you got there? Some cases.
>> Yeah, these are all four. Did I get
four? Wait, one of these we already had.
We showed this one before.
>> That's a Glock case, you know. And that
kind of shows how good of a deal this
was. I was somewhat happy to pay $5 for
that Glock pistol case. And we found
four today. Smith and Wesson. And it has
I can't read this. I did get my contacts
in, but I'm still my brain is still kind
of adjusting to using the bif focal.
>> It's for an MMP 40.
>> Okay, MMP 40. And then this is a High
Point arms, which High Point is kind of
a lowerend pistol. And then here, this
is a Rock Island Armory. And I think it
has the model on there, too. So, uh, we
got all three of these for $5 for all
three.
>> Five total.
>> That's really good.
>> Yep. And uh now you want me to show them
this now?
>> Yeah, go ahead. I'm tuck these down so
you have room.
>> So this is very interesting. It's a
little bit older tech. It's from 1999.
What's in the case, Lonnie?
It is
>> a laser.
>> A a gun. We got a lot of guns today.
>> It's not a gun.
>> There's no way we're going to get
>> We're trying to get our video taken.
>> Huh? I know. There's no way.
>> Yeah. Boom. Boom. Boom.
>> Uh it's a laser gun for
>> Close your eyes.
There we go. So, look. Hang on. Let me
come around to them. I'll show them how
this works.
>> It's for measuring temperature.
>> Yeah. Uh, can y'all see that?
>> Are you supposed to point it at people?
>> Well, only if you want to know how hot
they are. How hot is Candace, y'all?
Candace,
>> how hot is my hot dog?
>> Uh,
so, but anyways, y'all could see that.
And look, like there's the wall. 77
degrees. It's a little
can see here. Okay, that picture
that sign. And then let's go back to
Candace. Candace, it turns out you're
pretty hot.
>> I hope I'm at least 92 degrees.
>> Um, yeah, it's about 91 something. Open
your mouth and close your eyes.
>> No, just stop making nervous.
>> But yeah, look, it's really nice. Uh, I
was not able to find a comp for this
thing. Yeah,
>> model five CSI model 515. And and as
y'all can see, it works. It works well.
It's got a bunch of buttons on it. So,
>> got a case. Looks like it has some stuff
that it's missing, but it's got like the
uh manual and some kind of something, I
guess. Oh, that's for diagnostics, huh?
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know.
>> Well, they show they show him aiming it
at a car engine.
>> Okay.
>> Tom's adapter to be returned with this
unit.
>> What? That's Tom's adapter.
>> Uh oh man. Tom Tom's probably
>> I was looking for his adapter.
>> Tom's probably kind of mad about this.
So I don't know how much how much this
is we're going to put on this. This is
definitely I feel back in 1999. It was a
high-end unit, but
>> Well, if we can't sell it, I'll use it
when I cook steaks.
>> Okay. Um Oh, we got some tarot cards
here.
>> Tarot and chakra.
>> Yeah. I don't. And the tarot cards,
they're not like
some kind of they're gold foil tarot.
They're not
>> They're not old.
>> They're not like super old. And I also
don't think they're super valuable, but
I do think they're worth selling. And we
got the little stack for $2 for all
these things.
>> Yeah.
>> She got chakra cards. And then this is
another
uh tarot deck here. And
>> this is a tarot guide.
>> Yeah. And this this thing has a guide in
it as well. Uh these are these are
really nice looking though, the this
deck here.
>> So yeah, two bucks for those. We've sold
tarot cards in the past. Actually, we've
had tarot cards in the past that were um
you okay?
>> I like these rubber bands.
>> They're big.
>> I know. I like them. I'm trying to think
of what I could use them for.
>> Okay,
what was I saying? So, we're probably
going to make just one lot out of that.
I think so. Yeah. They're not anything
high value.
>> We're We're moving to move more towards
that this year when we can. This is a
Blink
uh outdoor cameras, 2020 models, and
it's still sealed.
>> Yeah.
>> Amazon owns Blink.
>> Three of them are in there. Yeah,
there's three cameras in there. Yep.
>> How do they are they
>> They're outdoor cameras.
>> I know they're outdoor cameras, but like
I wonder how they're powered.
>> Batteries. Wirefree. runs on
>> years.
>> What wirefree camera runs on two AA
lithium batteries for up to two years?
>> Up to two years. That's your key word
that up to.
>> It wouldn't last that long at our house,
man. We got our cameras getting set off
all day every day.
$5. We paid for that. It says 10. We
paid five.
>> Yep.
This is a Power Jet 400. It's for like a
pond or a waterfall outdoors, I guess.
>> Sealed.
>> Sealed. Yes. sealed for $20 and I think
it's worth about 100 if I looked it up
correctly.
>> Yeah, I think this is worth about 90.
>> We're into that for 20 as well. All from
the same sale. And then u I took a
gamble. I told him I said look I'll take
a gamble on this and I paid him 20 for
that as well.
>> Okay.
>> And if if nothing else we can I don't
know.
>> Yeah. The thing is they make there's a
lot of like um now there's a lot of
cheap ones and they're like 20 bucks
brand new but it's not this brand and I
>> Yeah, that might be a good brand.
>> Yeah.
>> All right, let's get some more stuff.
>> Okay. Okay, here's some more stuff. And
it's more things with triggers.
>> Yeah.
>> Everything is trigger day.
>> Yep. We're getting triggered.
>> Yeah. Um so these are all paintball
markers.
We'll call them markers. I think these
these are Cronis
and they're made by Tipman, I believe.
This one's kind of scrunchy looking.
This one's a little clean. A lot
cleaner.
>> A little smaller.
>> Looks like it's barely used. Is it
smaller or
>> No, it just has different uh
Oh, you know what? It's just
>> doesn't have this on it.
>> No, it's I think it's the same thing.
It's just this. adjustable how far this
grip goes back.
>> It's kind of trimmed out different.
Yeah,
>> it is. But it's the base. Yeah, cuz you
can add like stuff like this to it and
everything.
>> But the base
>> the base
>> the base actual receiver. It's the same.
>> And then we also on that lot we have a
spider aggressor.
And I I'm kind of thinking about just
putting them wh kind of thinking u just
dropped a barrel a barrel and a couple
of paintballs. Toss these. I'm kind of
thinking about just um
maybe loading those up as well.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and I'm not going to test them or
anything. So it'll be like an ASIS kind
of kind of thing.
>> What are you into them for?
>> Uh 20 bucks. And you know, man, if I
could get like a hundred bucks
for him, I think I would do that. I
think I would like that.
>> This is a racing car set. Kind of like a
slot car situation.
>> Yeah, but it's really
>> But not vintage.
>> No, not vintage. Made in China.
>> Chilledford.
Chilled.
>> Childford. Child
>> Ford.
>> Yeah, some of this stuff like look this
the LCD screen on this thing looks like
it's kind of messed up.
Um,
>> the plan is to part it out.
>> Yeah. So, we saw, look out, these are
some big chunky cars and they look like
they're in good condition. We saw
somebody sell four these these four
cars, I believe, for $50.
Um, and then Candice I you kind of
looked it up. I didn't.
>> Yeah. People sell just like one piece of
track for around $10 is what I was
seeing.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> We'll see if we actually if that's a
real thing. I'm assuming and it may not
even be this set that we have. I don't
know. We'll see. But we have a lot of
pieces. So, we're only into it for $5.
>> All we really need All I really needed
to see, look, a transformer. There's all
kind of stuff we could part out for
sure.
>> Yeah.
>> All I really need to see, we could we
could list these and we could throw the
rest of it away and we would be money
ahead because we're only into it for um
$5.
>> Look, here's a full decal sheet.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Let me see that. I wonder
what that that probably goes on the
>> They probably have some flags in here or
something. Yeah.
>> But yeah, only $5 into that.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. We got some more stuff. This
is all Well, this mostly Candace,
although I Candace called in the pitch
hitter to close the deal here.
>> Yeah. Well, let's start down here. Paid
15 for this, I believe. Yeah. Uh it's a
it's a nautical like a quilt, a cover
lip for a full queen bed. And I'm
thinking at least $75 for that. So, um,
and these are
they're towels. I think they're
microfiber. They're made with recycled
plastic bottles.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah. And nomadic nomad nomadics or
something. Yeah.
>> The only towel you need.
>> Yeah. And it's a big one. It's 30 by 72.
It's like beach towel size.
>> So, is it meant to be a bath bath towel?
>> No. What it is, it's quick drying. And
because it it doesn't have like the
loops like Terry and stuff, like when
you use it in sand and stuff, you just
shake them off. Um,
>> is it for like people to like dry a car
off or something?
>> No, it's for
>> It's like a bath towel.
>> Yeah. Or a beach towel or boating or
Yeah. Whatever.
>> Okay.
>> Quick quick drying big towel.
>> So, how many do we have?
>> Seven, I believe. Yeah. Seven towels.
>> They were marked five each and we
offered 20 in. Deal.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
>> we had already bought a pretty good bit
by the time we made that deal. But yeah,
>> I mean they're kind that's pretty heavy.
>> Candace seems to think we might be able
to get 25 a whack.
>> Yeah, I I I did comp the brand, but I
didn't see this exact one, but just
gauge and buy what that brand sells
these towels these towels sell for.
>> Okay. All right.
>> We got a blue lady here. This is a
concrete.
>> She just a smurf basically.
>> Yeah, concrete Venus, I think, is who
it's supposed to be. And I bought this
for myself for $10. is going to go in my
garden, my flower garden. So, um I
thought about trying to paint her a
different color, but I think I'm going
to leave her blue.
>> Leave it and see. It'll it might age
really interestingly as it gets algae
and stuff on it
>> or whatever.
>> I think it was originally a fountain.
Look, there's a spout here.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> So, yeah, she's going in my flower bed.
>> There you go. That'll look cool in
there. I think so. Don't you?
>> I do. Yeah.
>> It's nice to be able to get some
interesting stuff for yourself for uh
for I mean $10. What do you buy for $10
these days?
>> Uh, you couldn't get a plastic statue
for that.
>> Two things at Dollar Tree,
>> right?
>> You know.
>> Yep.
>> So, um, we also saw a sign for a sale
that we didn't know we were going to go
to.
>> Yeah.
>> And I put up a short probably by now.
Got some gloves.
This is a old one. Old Rawlings here.
Dave Winfield model.
>> They're in good condition. And it's this
one has a ton of wear, but it's still
you could tell they probably oiled it
over the years.
>> Yeah,
>> because it's still pretty supple. And
then look,
this is a really nice condition. Ken
Griffy RBG90, man. Terrific condition.
>> Yeah, this one is too. I don't know if
this was a good brand. This
>> Yeah, that's that's what I don't know
for sure. It feels good.
>> It does.
>> I mean, it's not like it's got a lot of
nylon in it, but Oh, man.
if I like if I wanted to keep a glove
around for me.
>> It's lightweight and not probably not as
hot as a full leather one.
>> This is actually feels fantastic, but it
I don't know if it's worth anything or
not.
>> Yeah,
>> actually they had them priced three,
four, and she said, "I want five for
that one." I'm like, "Yes, ma'am. I'll
pay it." I didn't even look it up. So,
I'm into these three gloves for a total
of 12 bucks. And
I've been wanting one of these
and we probably have some and I didn't
>> I just kept I'm just going to get this
for myself. Selfie stick.
>> Yeah.
>> Dollar.
>> Dollar selfie stick.
>> Yep. Dollar.
Oh. Um, little negotiation took place.
That is a really nice She said deer.
>> It It's definitely not cow. It's got the
hair on it. Um,
it doesn't look like cow. So, I would
>> call it fur.
>> Yeah, I guess so.
>> Okay.
>> I don't It's not hide because that
doesn't have fur.
>> I'm sure we're using some incorrect
terms.
>> I know.
>> We always do. We always do, y'all.
>> It's a furry Bible cover.
>> Y'all, we sell everything, so cut us
some slack. But look how nice it is.
>> It does look like deer. Like the uh
coloration in it and stuff. What does
this say on there?
>> I saw that it's 3D's or something or OD
something. Okay. Yeah, that's probably
the brand in it.
>> It's really nice.
>> It's really nice. She said she never
used it.
>> I believe it.
>> Yeah.
>> And then she said and then she was sure
to clarify. I don't mean I didn't never
use my Bible. I just didn't use that.
>> Right.
>> But yeah, we're into that for $5.
>> Yeah.
>> I think it's not Man, that's the nicest
Bible cover we've had.
>> This person was very crafty. There's a
lot of fabric and different stuff like
that for sale. I grabbed these. They're
purse handles for when you make your own
purses. So, I'm just gonna lot these up.
>> I'm into them for 50 cents a whack.
>> Okay.
>> Some of these I think uh this brand
here, everything marries, some of them I
saw people were selling them for like
$15 per depending on what style you
have.
>> Some crafty person you can put them up
for $25 or something like that. All of
them.
>> Yeah. We have like a loose site, a wood,
and then this is simulated metal, I
believe. Like beads. Yeah. Okay.
>> So,
>> is that everything we bought?
>> Yeah,
>> that's pretty good.
>> I think we did good for a Thursday
morning. We only went to a few sales
>> and we're going back out again tomorrow.
>> Yeah.
>> So, you know what that means?
>> It does. Yeah. We're going to pull and
pack orders right now.
>> H I'm tired.
>> I know. This is the grind right here.
Thursday afternoon pack.
>> That's all right. I'm We were very
fortunate to get some uh garage sales in
today.
>> Yep.
>> All right, y'all. We are uh we're ready
to pull some orders and we did get some
get some listings up real quick. Um on a
little bit of a goof off day. Sort of.
It felt like it. We were actually out
sourcing though.
>> We were out sourcing and ate lunch. So
we didn't get out here till probably
like 1:00. Huh.
>> Yeah. At the at the Sooners.
>> Yeah.
>> We did get some pretty decent listings
up though. Um of note, uh I did list the
longboard for $125.
Uh we did find it and we kind of specked
it out on the website for ghost boards.
>> Yep.
>> And that would cost like like about $100
more than that new.
>> Yeah. Retails for 250. But the way their
website works is you go on there and you
build out your board and it bundles your
price for you. So yeah.
>> And we got listed a bunch of other stuff
up here as well. Uh Candace actually
found a really good cos uh makeup or
something.
>> Some moist facial moisturizer,
>> right?
>> Get the word out. That was that was a
nice little score. She's she found every
And then earlier she found one for
something for 40.
>> I did a few 40s, a 35,25. Yeah,
>> every now and then she cheers and and
you know finds a gem and that stuff and
with long bouts of 10, 12, $15 stuff
too, don't get me wrong,
>> but the gyms usually pay for the whole
lot and then some.
>> Yeah.
>> And she keeps finding them over and
over.
>> Yep.
>> So that market, man. Whoa.
>> So, yeah, there's so much out there.
It's just readily available, you know.
>> And then, uh Oh, I listed one of the
bowling balls. I still need to list
those.
>> Yeah.
>> But I listed the uh Ebonite bowling
ball. The other one had a nice bag.
Listed that for 40 bucks.
>> Cool ball is like red and neon pink.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, uh yeah, we need to go
ahead and get some orders pulled.
>> Yeah. Let's go. We sold on eBay, Mccari,
and Etsy. So, and it's interesting
Mari's little shipping promo for UPS
ended. So, I'm curious how our listings
are going to do now. Yeah,
>> because we've been doing pretty well on
there. So, we'll see.
>> First order on eBay has four items on
it. One first thing is a shed flips
magnet.
There you go. In the cube, it's an LSU
baseball and football poster. Two
different posters. They're like promo
posters, I believe.
>> Okay. One of them has Joe Borrow and one
has Paul Skins.
>> It's in here. Yep.
>> And then two hats in the hat D box.
>> And you know what? You know what's
perfect about that is it's burrow and
skins and then these hats represent
burrow and skins as well.
>> Oh
championship years.
>> Oh, that's interesting.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That that's
>> that's quite that's quite the order
there.
>> Uh where are we going here? D
>> D.
>> Yeah. I think that's pretty cool.
>> Yeah. So, if y'all haven't figured out,
they're both LSU hats.
>> Yes.
>> One of them is the 2023 baseball champ
hat and one is 2019 football champ hat.
>> That's football
and that is baseball.
>> Yep.
>> Look with the posters. That's That's
quite the That's That's nice.
>> So, the full order was $62.96
plus shipping on top.
>> That is awesome.
Um, that's so cool that they found the
that stuff like that.
>> Yeah.
>> In the chest drawer, some Sorrell
watermelon tanning drops. This stuff is
interesting. They're drops you take by
your mouth and it's supposed to make
your skin get tan somehow.
>> Are we sure we want to sell that?
>> God, what?
>> I don't know.
Some snake oil problem. I don't know. I
mean, it there's a lot sold, so it must
work. It's a popular item.
>> Okay, man. I don't know if I want to
sell that. It's too late now.
>> $7.99.
>> Well, for me we make $8 off of it. Oh my
gosh.
>> Maybe I should have just tried it. Huh?
>> No.
>> I'm pretty pale.
>> No, but you No. No. No. You don't want
to take something by mouth that changes
the color of your skin.
>> It's better than going in the sun. All
right. On 10 Delta.
>> You know that.
>> 10 Delta Lego Bionicle Minis lot. Mini
figure lot.
>> We need We need to discuss some of these
things before we list them.
>> All right. Which one? Where are we at?
What are we doing?
>> 10 Delta Lego Bionicle mini figs.
>> Are they just loose?
>> They're probably in a bag cuz there's 18
of them.
>> Uh, I think they're right here.
>> Let me see.
>> Two. There's like two bags that are kind
of taped together.
>> Is that them? All of them. You think?
>> Almost. I'm sure I would have not taped
them all together if I take Okay. $11.99
for those.
>> Okie do. Four alpha box C a GI Joe.
I'm working out. I'm still I'm wearing
I'm wearing contacts today, y'all. And
I'm kind of working out still how to
focus cuz they're like some kind of
fancy
kind of fancy bifocal thing going on.
What is it called? Airtight
>> Destro. He looks like um Arnold
Schwarzenegger.
>> Is it this one? Cuz we may have multiple
>> cop or something. It's
>> possible we have multiple.
>> That's it. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Yep. That sold for $13.99.
>> You do.
>> All right. We sold another Urban Decay
eye pencil, y'all. The color of this.
>> Another what?
>> Urban Decay eyeliner.
>> Okay. the the co the name of the the the
color. Oh my gosh, y'all.
>> Are you gonna You don't have to say it.
We can just put it on the screen.
>> A bad word.
>> 10 Bravo.
>> So, it's like a um the color of the
eyeliner is like a moss green color.
>> Uhhuh.
>> And the name of the color is mildew.
>> Oh,
I can see how that would put some mildew
on your eye.
>> That I can see how that would be
appealing someone.
>> You sure we didn't pull it already?
They're in alphabetical order, aren't
they? Or did did that one get I see it
right here?
>> Oh. Oh, it was Okay. It just got
shipped. Whoops.
>> Mild.
>> Yep. $14.99 for that.
>> Oh, ma'am.
>> What?
>> I didn't see we have another GI Joe in
that same box.
>> That's all right.
>> Different different seller. I mean,
different buyer.
>> Same seller. We did not change.
So, it's in
>> it's in that box.
>> The Bravo Charlie box.
>> Yeah. All right.
>> This is He's wearing orange and his name
is Curt Airtight Schneer.
>> Okay. I thought I saw that and that's
why I was like holding that.
>> Yeah. Airtight
and he sold for $29.99.
>> Okie dokie.
All right.
>> Two Bravo RCA converter box.
We have two of these going out.
>> Do we?
>> All right. Two.
>> Oh, we do. Huh?
>> I know. I'm not making it up.
>> That's interesting. Two of those to two
different people and two G.I. Joe's out
of that box to do.
>> That is interesting, huh? All right. Two
Bravo. And we have We got to keep these
straight. So, here's the two Bravo one.
>> So, I'm going to put a sticky note on
there.
>> One of them is new and one was used.
>> I'm going to put the location on it. Two
Bravo.
>> Okay.
That's two Bravo right there. $14.99 for
that.
>> We bought We paid $2 a whack for those
at the uh Aida spring sale.
>> That's where we got those.
>> Next thing is a pair of shoes on 10
Delta.
Some women's uh dressy shoes flats.
There's two pair. Just grab one pair.
>> 10 Delta.
>> Classic is the brand. They're like a
ivory with a silver toe.
They're like an ivory.
>> They're right here. Yeah. Oh,
>> one of those pair.
>> Oh, you have two that are the same.
>> Yeah.
>> Here you go.
>> Multi-quantity listing.
>> Okay.
>> Which means I need to go in and adjust
that on the other platforms. $9.99 for
those.
>> Okay.
>> And the other converter box, six delta.
>> Okay. So,
>> this is a new one, huh?
>> Uh, I'm not sure.
>> It's cost more. $17.99.
>> Okay. Yeah, I priced I ch Yeah, I priced
them a little bit different, but they're
going to look the exact same.
Okay.
>> All right, that's all the eBay items.
>> Okie do
>> on Mccari. We sold some in the guy
drawer some Dr. Groot hair thickening
conditioner.
>> Guy drawer
tube with purple. Yeah.
>> All right.
>> $24.99 for that.
>> Okay.
>> And then on Etsy, we sold a Ro's
cookbook. Interesting that we bought
one.
>> I know. We just bought We just bought
one that'll replace it. Okay.
>> Three Bravo.
And it's a Ro's Cajun cookbook.
>> Yep.
>> Is it supposed to be a B or anything
like that?
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> Cuz it has a B sticky note on it.
>> Yep.
>> I listed I listed several on the same
day. I even did a lot of of them as
well.
>> $31.99 for that one.
>> Okay. Is that everything?
>> That's it. So yeah, that's going to be
it for this one. Thanks so much for
watching and we will see y'all again
very soon. Bye y'all.